sixty-five gamer got here with review of
Robin Hood for the ColecoVision
this game has some work
I'll call it interesting graphics the
Sun and some of the trees look what they
were drawn by schoolchildren and in this
first screen if the shoot arrows kill
everybody on the screen
then you walk across this bridge and go
to the second screen and here you I
think you're using a knife to try to
kill him but the weird thing is you have
to be a almost exactly the exact same
plane that they're on if you're off by
just a little bit you can't hurt them
and they just walk back and forth but
they will kill you if you're not using
your knife or club or whatever it is
you've got now at the top you have a
counter that counts up and then you have
a five in the one I think the five is
the lives you have and I guess one is
the level but I really don't know what
the counter does there's no score in
this game or anything it's a very odd
game plus the fact that you look a lot
like your opponents except that you're
the guy with green pants and they have
brown pants
on this screen go back to having to
shoot your arrows at them and you have
these guards at this castle that will
try to shoot you sometimes they shoot
the other guys though - I have to say I
haven't played this game all that much
so I don't really know how much there is
to it I mean it's kind of weird to start
off with this sunshine with the smiley
face and the little rays like a like I
said like a kid would draw and then you
get to this screen and there's actually
a nice-looking castle there
now after a while
on this screen a white box will appear
next to the the gate and if you shoot it
the gate will open on previous times
I've tried to play this game it seemed
to me that it soon if you try to go
across the gate as soon as it opens you
die I never could tell exactly what
killed me I don't know if I got shot and
I didn't notice it or you have to wait a
while so on this attempt I waited and
took my time then I was finally allowed
to go into the castle now this is a game
by Zhou Knox or however you pronounce it
and they were famous for their what they
call double ender games it was two
cartridges and one which you could take
it out and turn it over and put it back
in you've had another game which made
the cartridges really large but then
apparently later on I guess people got
tired of that and they started releasing
the cartridges just as single cartridges
but the cartridges that they made were
pretty good sized cartridges they have
this big flared edge at the top of them
now here you're inside the castle and
you can apparently collect treasure
but there's also bad things that you can
get like that
you
sixty-five gamer guy here thanks for
watching and happy gaming